To finish, we will analyze what
Silvia has told us and we
will relate it to the segmentation
variables we have
learned.
She told us that they have
traditionally segmented based on
the geography where their customers
live and mainly based on demographic
factors such as age, sex and
sociocultural level, taking
into account that the OEB
is a luxury product.
They have also incorporated a analysis
of the profiles that is psychographic
segmentation, such as personality,
if they are cosmopolitan,
lifestyle, etc.
Well, all these variables that
are the traditional ones
allow us to know who our customers
are.
But as she said, they don’t serve
us for anything because what they
don’t serve us is to understand
why our customers buy us, which is
something very valuable, it’s a
very valuable knowledge.
What is the evolution of all this?
Well, on the one hand, thanks
to the internet, thanks to
all interactions on social media,
etc., we have a lot more
information from customers,
so we can do a much larger
segmentation.
Even in the perfume, as Silvia
told us, it could be given total
personalization, that is, that each
person will buy a different
perfume adapted to their tastes.
And in addition, the last thing
we told us is that the brands are
doing is to overcome the product-
centric approach, stop looking
at the umbilical and start
thinking why customers buy them.
This is the latest of
the segments and it is the perspective
that we propose whenever
all companies incorporate.
Why are they buying us?
What are they looking for in us?
But look at it, she proposed,
even in the perfume sector, to
go beyond.
And what we can do is not segment
by person, that is, this person
is looking for a certain thing
in us, this person is something
else, etc.
No, we can go beyond and segment
each person or analyze it according
to the moments of their life.